docs(readme): Update readme (#18677)
denoland/deno: README.md

# Deno

> [![Build Status - Cirrus][]][Build status] [![Twitter badge][]][Twitter link]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/deno.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/deno)
 [![Twitter badge][]][Twitter link]
```

### Getting Started

Try [running a simple program](https://examples.deno.land/hello-world):

```sh
deno run https://deno.land/std/examples/welcome.ts
```

Or [setup a simple HTTP server](https://examples.deno.land/http-server):

```ts
import { serve } from "https://deno.land/std@0.182.0/http/server.ts";

function handler(_req: Request): Response {
  return new Response("Hello, World!");
}

console.log("Listening on http://localhost:8000");

> serve(handler);

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should just inline the handler here?

```ts
serve((_req) => {
  return new Response("Hello, World!");
});
```

Reviewer 3: It can be simplified to a single line too

Reviewer: ```ts
serve(_req => new Response("Hello, World!"));
```

Reviewer 4: The entire snippet can be:
```ts
import { serve } from "https://deno.land/std@0.182.0/http/server.ts";

serve((_req) => new Response("Hello, World!"));
```
1. By default, `serve()` prints `Listening on http://localhost:8000/` so the `console.log()` isn't needed.
2. Running `deno fmt` adds brackets to `_req` parameter.

```

[More examples](https://examples.deno.land/).

### Additional Resources

> - **[The Deno Manual](https://deno.land/manual)** is a great starting point for [additional examples](https://deno.land/manual/examples), [setting up your environment](https://deno.land/manual/getting_started/setup_your_environment), [using npm](https://deno.land/manual/node), and more.

Reviewer 2: Run `./tools/format.js`

- **[Runtime API reference](https://deno.land/api)** documents all APIs built into Deno CLI.
- **[Deno Standard Modules](https://deno.land/std)** do not have external dependencies and are reviewed by the Deno core team.
- **[deno.land/x](https://deno.land/x)** is the registry for third party modules.

> - **[Blog](https://deno.com/blog)** is where the Deno team writes how tos, about solving technical problems, and important product updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Blog](https://deno.com/blog)** is where the Deno team writes important product updates and "how to"s, about solving technical problems.
```
